---
title: 'The Dark Knights Rise'
date: '2024-10-31'
---

I love and hate patterns. I hate them because they cause people to think there’s replication, redundancy, or how the government says “copy-cats”. This is honestly, good thinking because there are “copy-cats”. And it is the “copy-cats” that cause harm. But, how do we *find* *the other?*

I feel the point in which people become these highly-moralistic persons starts with an event that challenges philosophy at a deep scale. With a need to see the good in a reasoning where the majority disagree. Because, all parties involved had good intentions, but somehow a terrible event can still occur. It’s a moral dilemma that is on a striking scale. Because, you can’t agree, disagree, agree to disagree, etc. These questions begin a never-ending novel.

The reason why Batman fought Superman or always holds a solution to end Superman, is because he himself, can’t *fathom* such a man can exist (can we blame him?). But, *deep down*, he wants him to exist. It is the perfect dichotomy of a superhero pair, equivalent to the “good cop, bad cop” routine. Journalists are the Dark Knights of the world, because they help in showing who are these Men or Women of Steel and they help in bringing them down. And the ones who *choose* *to wear steel*, must accept these checks and balances.

In a world that has fear online and we cannot rely on others to build safer solutions. We need trustworthy journalists to facilitate discussions. And open-source communities to listen, add their thoughts, and then build solutions. To *disagree and commit* at scale taking a *bias for action* daily. Building a platform to join such worlds would be a breath of fresh air.

*Edited: 2024-11-09*